In this:
- After, Also we can drag and dropthe plugin on any section of the store end. Where after dropped on the section of the store end then the sidebar should open for the element where you can select which collection you want to show so now here Fetch the collection of what we created in the dashboard and show it as a drop down list where al the collection which have been created in the background should be visible in the drop down list. Then user can select which collection he want to show. 
- After selecting which collection he want to show then fetch all the products which were inside that collection and show it as a product with their image, name, ratings, and etc. By having the proper design as well. Also it should have an option where user can select how many products he wants to show in the specific section where the max column should be 6 and max column row should be 6. And imagine user comes and select a collection which has only 7 products then for default it should show all the 6 in one row with proper spacing between them and designing. But there should be option in the sidebar where user can select how many products he want to show in  each column and row like like a matrix where we specify how many rows and columns we want to use and if user inputs 7 rows and 1 columns then arrange product accordingly. Also the section of products, product card , products image, name and the other information should also be editable.
- also in the sidebar, I want to add one more features where there should be a option to show Top rated product on top by on or off button. If on then only show the top rated product on top else default.